inflation has taken away your purchasing
power and without the proper
understanding of what's coming you will
see that conditions will only worsen but
with the right information you're going
to be able to thrive and prosper and so
in today's video the first thing we'll
do is analyze the problem we're going to
look at what's happening but then we
want to be able to have a solution and
got that for you this is about you your
circumstances I went through a whole uh
Endeavor over the last decade plus to
piece together this wild puzzle and
while I have barely scratched the
surface I know the information that you
need to know so let's begin in no
particular order I'm bringing up a few
factors UK population collapse good for
the planet as number of newborns hits a
20year low we've seen this in most
Western countries where where there is
not enough new people coming in in order
to help out look you've got taxes
there's a problem because you got a
whole bunch of baby boomers retiring not
enough new people coming into the
workforce that's an issue that's a big
one and this is why they want to go into
Universal basic income they want to get
rid of all the old schemes and bring in
a new one that's one thing okay you've
got crime currently up Prosperity is
down all going on at the same time here
we have it a shocking number of
Europeans say that you should only be
able to fly four times a year no wait a
minute in your life that you should be
restricted from actually being able to
travel it could be you know something
where the government says oh yeah you
should get four times maybe that's your
honeymoon what is this that people are
actually voting for this this is crazy
if I didn't lose my voice before I would
have lost it now because this took my
breath away my goodness to see this kind
of nonsense surging rice prices raise a
spectre of Asian food scare according to
HSBC and we have the food prices rising
everywhere your dollars aren't going as
far as they would before now on all my
other videos I talk about why that is
the case why is everything going up in
price it is pretty clear that if you
print literally trillions and trillions
and trillions of dollars worth of our
currencies you devalue it and that's
been happen Okay prices are rising crime
is up population growth is down
significantly in the Western countries
and of course that's uh going to make a
tax shortfall as well as medical costs
Rising considerably at the same time
there's more demand for retirement
housing and so on so remember that keep
that in mind okay here we have uh this
is basically facial recognition so this
guy went to the airport I think he it
was in Texas it was in either Houston or
Dallas and no more passports B boarding
passes all facial recognition so he goes
up to the screen scans his face okay sir
you're good to go on in and so this is
the world that we're moving into to
where more technology is present in our
stores you've probably seen the Amazon
store you just scan your hand and you
could go no problem so you just put your
hand there and you pay we are going
towards a more Digital World instead of
cash instead of paper we've gone far
away far far away from what used to back
that cash the gold the silver those
things are now oh as they say ancient
relics right and now even cash is an
ancient Relic and I understand you want
something that's convenient it makes
sense right but I believe it will be the
stores the retail locations which are
the ones that will push it over the edge
because the stores will say and as crime
is rising the stores will say I don't
want cash in this place we're going to
go to a more warehousing model so you
walk in or maybe you order
online and you speak to the clerk
everything is behind the counter you
can't get anything we're seeing this all
funneling us towards a new world one
which doesn't really look like 1984 and
it doesn't really look like Brave New
World but it's kind of got elements of
both of them and some things even those
two didn't even think about agility
robotics is opening a humanoid robot
Factory beating Tesla to the punch okay
so robots making robots Okay just wild
to see this but robots are in fact
getting more prevalent in all types of
businesses and we will see a lot of the
fast food restaurants they're going to
Ms more robots but we're also seeing it
with like surgeons Target announces
major policy change with Homeland
Security to combat theft as shoplifting
scourge sh shutter stores Target Clos in
nine stores across four states there you
go debt ridden Right Aid could shutter
500 to 2100 stores nationwide as the
negotiates a plan to file off for
chapter 11 different reasons in this
case for this company here but for one
reason or another we have a lot of
retail locations shutting down maybe
there was too much in the beginning you
could argue that CVS says it will close
900 stores by the end of 2024 10% of all
of its shops as it moves to an online
strategy amid rampant increase in
shoplifting you see what's happening
here the
consumer is being put into a place where
online shopping is becoming normal very
normal we're being again funneled funnel
do you see this do you see what's
happening stores are closing crime is up
oh the crime is up what do you think is
going to happen if crime is continuing l
City after City night after night
climbing higher and higher you then
allow the government an
extra level where they can come in and
start to say we need to be on the
streets we need to put restrictions in
place we need to have your digital ID so
that if anybody does anything we're
going to have those CCTV cameras
watching
and we're going to find you that's right
we'll have voice recognition so that we
can hear you as you're walking down the
street causing a crime you want to be
safe don't
you and some people would say yeah
absolutely I'm completely in favor of
that why because my business was smashed
in oh I'm in completely in favor of that
because there's a whole bunch of people
looting around in this area we don't
like it cars are being broken into how
are being broken into I'm in favor of it
I'll give up some of my Liberty and
that's going on right now today this is
where we are at this is the problem I'm
still showing you how this all works
because I want to bring you to the
solution if you do appreciate this
information you got to hit that Thumbs
Up Button okay when you do it supports
the channel I appreciate
that digital ID this happens to be from
Canada but it's everywhere countries
around the world are crossing the
electronic Frontier and exploring the
benefits of integrating digital identity
systems so you're going to have a global
governance which they've been talking
about for a long time where they can
exchange this set of data between
governments instantaneously right now
they don't have that if somebody has
committed a crime in another place if
somebody has done something online
that's taboo oh we can't share that
information unless there's a special
request and all this stuff when they
Implement digital ID they're scanning
people's faces and they've got your
voice and they've got all your social
media accounts and they're looking at
each and every detail of you that
information is now part of a global
system you are being tracked in datab
based right bullish on the data centers
let me tell you because they're going to
need more more and more of them here we
have just one example the supranational
entities in this case the United Nations
is basically saying that we need
coordinated Global action uh dealing
with misinformation so whatever that
means you're not talking about what we
talk about you are spreading
misinformation and so as a result you
are part of the bad boy crew and so who
knows they can turn off your digital ID
oh you're bad boy this is talking about
China's tent one of the biggest tech
companies in the world they've been
working recently on the Central Bank Le
digital Yuan and cbdc interoperability
Pilots so they're the technology side so
you have the Central Bank The People's
Bank of China PB you have the government
and you have the tech side they're all
together creating a central bank digital
currency this is happening it's
happening right now it's not something
far-fetched
and that's what this All Leads up into
they're all around the world doing this
they're all doing this it will connect
in to all these other systems like the
digital ID they will have control of
your money they will have control of the
finances globally and they will take
advantage they know that if they want to
silence you that if they want you to
keep in line that you need to be under
their thumb how do they do that by using
a central bank digital currency this is
more powerful than an army they are
working very hard to make it happen you
might say I won't do it I'm not going to
have a
cbdc well you better have one of two
things number one you have to to be
self-sufficient and largely Off the Grid
could probably do away with any Central
Bank digital currency at least for a
long period of time number two is you
got to make way more
money because if you can you can
probably avoid any of the systems that
they want to force the majority on
create as much income in the next 12 to
24 months that you possibly can that
means reinvesting as much as you can
pile that up on make that happen don't
immediately constrict and go into hiding
oh there's going to be a cbdc okay I'm
going to dig a hole I'm going to get
inside of it and I'm going to wait I'm
going to be a Hermit right here no take
the actions
today don't wait don't delay make this
happen who knows how bad things are
going to get but I know it's not going
to be
overnight and knowing that it means you
could still take the actions right now
so that you don't have to succumb to
their activities hold real assets and
have a very specific plan B and of
course a plan C where will you go who
will you be with what will you take I'm
not saying you got to run like you're
literally running for your life no but
what are you going to do most people
will say Hey you know if stuff gets bad
H you know I'll probably you know I'll
do this I'll do that that's not a plan
that's not a plan at all you got to
already know if you live in the city if
you live in a very urban area you better
have somebody that you know that lives
on the outskirts that lives far out as
your plan C or D and say listen I'm
serious do you have space in this place
for me I'll pay you I'll do work I'll do
whatever the case may be just tell them
be honest with them and say look this is
what I bring to the table and at least
for a temporary period if if the stuff
hits the fan yeah okay good okay so
that's your like plan C or something
Plan D you got to have many plans but
right now take action today there are
things that you can do go through
Compass it's where your financial
Journey Begins you're going to get the
financial education you need to know and
I did it so simple I made all the videos
like one or two minutes so check it out
at the money
gps.com
you will start to understand the way
that things work and it made it super
sharable I want you to share this with
your friends your family it's all just
the basics of financial information
Financial education and then you get to
the next levels after that but check it
out theone gps.com comment of the day
thank you chatty Kathy feel like I
should have a bunker to hide in David
LOL what a crazy time it does feel like
that it really does does sometimes and
what I'm saying because it's connected
here is that we don't want to go into
that bunker and hide and wait we want to
have our preparedness we want to make
these things happen but at the same time
we want to be active in the actions
we're taking so that we are not reacting
at the last minute proactive not
reactive I hope you appreciate this
video I'm trying my best I'm doing this
I was on the mentorship call um Friday
Sunday all kinds of things happening and
I'm still doing it I'm trying my best
for everybody out there I hope you
appreciate the video all right I'll see
you on the next one take care